Yo!
Forgive me, but I was just dealing with the opposition's affairs.
I see you are a bit moody in front of a classic, huh?
Well, I will let you film from the period when I was in power, break up a bit, hen!
This video is about Ronaldinho.
Who signed the contract with him?
My awesome.
Ok, Sandro was sort of out there, he flew around the airports ...
Well, but sorra, who was the president?
My awesome.
And I never had to resign!
Al loro.
At Bernabé you have to go with your head raised.
And who is a cyclist, a trip from the ship!
As Alves said.
A nice guy ...
"Can you repeat, I did not hear?"
It's a decent culé!
Who signed the contract with him?
My awesome.
I am a crack. I know.
Give me a movie here!
The story of Barça according to Crackòvia
Mustaches are invariably present in Barça's history:
this Joana Gamper,
this guy from Mourinho's finger in his eye,
or the niece Huga Sotila.
But the most famous mustache belongs to this man,
who applauds Barça winning at Bernabéu 3: 0.
Today, a few days before El Clásico, it's hard to believe that it really took place.
How did this happen?
Ronaldinho on the ball, phenomenally defeats Ramos!
The last of the defenders passes
Hypnotizes Casillas and goool!
Man, why did you leave me alone?
What are you doing in La Liga?
Where is Diego López?
Gutiérrez? And where did you come from?
Did you get a new contract?
And why do you have long hair?
I do not like it.
And why do I have long hair?
My dear, it's called Flashback.
Are you saying that all this is not really happening?
We play badly, we are trained by Vanderley Luxemburgo,
Salgado plays on the side of defense, and Ronaldo is already this thick version.
Forgive me, but I will shoot the second goal.
But I am asking you so much, do not be embarrassed!
Ronaldinho passes the defense line and goool !!!
This event is more unusual than the Mascherano goal.
See how Bernabéu applauds Barça.
What are we doing?
The whole world will see it.
There are thousands of people here, we are not so unlucky that the camera hit us.
This is how two things have been proven:
A: If you have a mustache, you attract attention,
B: Since this story has happened once, it can be repeated in the upcoming match.
She has already repeated for Guardiola with a score of 2: 6.
Well, again.
And the match ended with 1: 3 result with Abidal's goal?
Either way, it is certain that history repeats itself, does not it?
Hey, if you win this time, I will not applaud you.
So that no one would recognize me with these mustaches, I had to live in Chueca [1].
Mustached.
And who rented it?
My awesome.
And his son, now slightly disappointed with life?
I am a crack.
Ah, it's hard life ...